# youve-got-diaries

‘You’ve Got Diaries’ can be accessed by running the flask server while in our directory. This should give you a link for the site. The url will direct the user to a login page, requiring the user to either login if they are a returning user or register if they are a new user. Registering will require the user to input a username, a password, a confirmation of the inputted password, and enter the names of the two people who will be accessing the diary. The following conditions will render a 400 error statement: if the passwords do not match, if the password does not exceed 8 characters, if the password does not contain 2 numbers or characters, or if the user has left one or more entries empty. If, however, the user has met all conditions of registration, they will successfully be redirected to the select a user page, where they can select which of the two people sharing the diary they are.

The user can swiftly navigate across the webpage using the navigation bar. Home returns the user to the homepage, where the user can click on the diary to flip through past diary entries and react to existing diary entries through commenting. The commenting feature will upload the comment, the time at which that comment was posted, and the user who commented. Simply type your comment in the text box, and then click the submit button. Not that if you have multiple posts and comment on a post towards the bottom, when the page reloads you may need to scroll back up to see the diary and open it. To the right of the home button on the navigation bar, is the post button. The post button enables users to create and upload a new diary entry. Simply put your diary entry in the text box and submit it! In addition to uploading text, the user MUST upload an image, saved as a png, jpg, jpeg, and gif. Each diary entry requires both an image AND a text field. In order to differentiate user entry and comments, the switch user bar can be accessed to switch the user who is currently using the web page to upload an entry. Once the user has uploaded an entry, commented on diary entries, and walked through memory lane, the user can protect their private information by clicking on the logout button on the navigation bar which will successfully enable the user to logout.


link to our youtube cs50 video: https://youtu.be/B2TTwSQLgxQ
